README.md, before:

- I’m @ndonkoHenri. A Problem_Solver, OpenSource_Contributor and Python_Programmer!
- I am currently learning Data Science, AppDev and Computer Vision.
- My main aim is to use all the technologies I learn to solve problems (aka Problem Solving). 
- I’m opened for all collaborations. Just [contact me](https://twitter.com/ndonkoHenri).

**Here are some of my stats:**

<!-- <a href="https://github.com/ndonkoHenri">
<img src="https://github.com/ndonkoHenri/github-stats/blob/master/generated/overview.svg#gh-dark-mode-only" />
<img src="https://github.com/ndonkoHenri/github-stats/blob/master/generated/languages.svg#gh-dark-mode-only" />
<img src="https://github.com/ndonkoHenri/github-stats/blob/master/generated/overview.svg#gh-light-mode-only" />
<img src="https://github.com/ndonkoHenri/github-stats/blob/master/generated/languages.svg#gh-light-mode-only" />
</a> -->

<!-- ![ndonkoHenri's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ndonkoHenri&show_icons=true) -->

![ndonkoHenri's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ndonkoHenri&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&title_color=fff&text_color=fff)

<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ndonkoHenri)](https://github.com/ndonkoHenri/github-readme-stats) -->

Commit message:

add medium and discord links

README.md, after:

- I’m @ndonkoHenri. A Problem_Solver, OpenSource_Contributor and Python_Programmer!
- I am currently learning Data Science, AppDev and Computer Vision.
- My main aim is to use all the technologies I learn to solve problems (aka Problem Solving).
- On [my Medium Blog](https://ndonkohenri.medium.com/), you will find my articles. Don't forget to clap. :)
- I am on Discord too! _Username="the_ethical_boy"_

**Here are some of my stats:**

<!-- <a href="https://github.com/ndonkoHenri">
<img src="https://github.com/ndonkoHenri/github-stats/blob/master/generated/overview.svg#gh-dark-mode-only" />
<img src="https://github.com/ndonkoHenri/github-stats/blob/master/generated/languages.svg#gh-dark-mode-only" />
<img src="https://github.com/ndonkoHenri/github-stats/blob/master/generated/overview.svg#gh-light-mode-only" />
<img src="https://github.com/ndonkoHenri/github-stats/blob/master/generated/languages.svg#gh-light-mode-only" />
</a> -->

<!-- ![ndonkoHenri's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ndonkoHenri&show_icons=true) -->

![ndonkoHenri's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ndonkoHenri&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&title_color=fff&text_color=fff)

<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ndonkoHenri)](https://github.com/ndonkoHenri/github-readme-stats) -->
